Let's see how to define a function in R.
We define a function
here called myPower.
We do that by calling the function,
function.
And that function returns the function
and assigns it to the name myPower.
The result of this computation here is
that we define the function myPower that
can be later called by
R in a different place.
Let's see how the definition works.
After the key word function,
we provide the arguments.
In this case,
we have two arguments, bas and pow.
The function will raise the first
argument to the power of the second.
Or, bas to the power of pow.
We provide here default values 10 and
2 that will be assigned
if the corresponding values are missing
when the function is called.
After we provide the parameter names,
we have curly braces and
inside the curly braces,
we have the function code.
The function code raises bas to the
power pow and then return the result.
Let's see some examples
how to call a function.
In the first case we call the function
with two values two and three.
These values are assigned to bas and
pow in the corresponding order.
In the second case we reverse the order.
And because we reverse the order,
we need to tell
the function myPower that 3 should
be assigned to the variable pow,
and 2 should be assigned
to the variable bas.
In the third case we
only pass one parameter,
bas, and the function will assign the
default value to the other parameter.